Music expresses things
that you can’t express in any other way.
It is so powerful.
It’s just an amazing gift.
Before I got the truth, I lived for music.
I played hard and heavy rock and roll
in bars and clubs
around the New York City area for many years.
To me, I just found it to be
a very depressing atmosphere.
But then I developed
a love for classical music,
and I would practice six hours a day.
I applied to The Juilliard School
for the performing arts.
I was accepted,
but I did not attend.
Deep inside something was missing.
My life changed drastically
on February 16, 1973,
because that’s
when I learned the truth in a taxicab.
I came to Bethel on February 16, 1979.
When I first came to Bethel,
I had to put music aside for a little bit.
I started working in the pressroom,
and that was
a completely different environment for me.
I also worked with landscaping.
I worked in construction over at Wallkill,
and I also worked
with drafting and engineering.
These were things I was not good at,
but I really felt I learned so much
from doing these things
that it really kind of groomed me.
And I think that when Jehovah looked at me,
he said, ‘Well, we got somebody
we have to work with here.’
Just as you tune your instrument
so it can be played in tune,
Jehovah tunes you.
He teaches us to keep things in their place
and put worship of him first
because that’s where it’s proper.
When Jehovah became number one,
everything else took its place.
Back in 1981, I met my wife
when I was playing music at a wedding.
We fell in love with each other.
As our love for Jehovah
grows through the years,
our love for our mates grows.
Now, I didn’t leave music completely,
because I still had a love for it;
I still practiced as much as I could
within my Bethel schedule
and within my whole theocratic schedule.
I don’t miss it being number one.
I just feel happier now
that it’s in its proper place.
In 1995, when I first came over to Patterson,
I was working with Audio/Video Services.
Since 2016,
I’ve been working with music
—working as a music editor
and as a music composer.
Working with brothers on a piece of music
is a real blessing and a privilege.
Jehovah is letting us take advantage
of a tool that we all like to listen to
but now using it in a way that praises him.
Our whole motive is not to earn money.
Our whole motive in using music
is to glorify our heavenly Father, Jehovah.
And we get music from all different cultures.
It really unites Jehovah’s people.
Music—it has a very special power
in being able to reach the heart.
Now, there are times
when we just sit around
and just jam and play,
and you’re really talking
and communicating with each other.
There’s nothing like it.
I’m happier now
knowing that I’ve lived a clean life.
Do I have any regrets?
I have no regrets.
What I did when I was 22 years old
was the best thing that ever happened to me
because that’s how I came to know Jehovah
and that’s how I was able
to find a balance in my life.
Our happiness doesn’t depend on our job.
Our happiness really depends
upon our spirituality
and our relationship with Jehovah.
That’s what life is all about.
It’s a wonderful life.